Pension funds and other retirement
accounts are a simple concept invest the
money now and we'll pay you out at a
later date it's a simple Ponzi scheme
that works well under most conditions
just keep money pouring in and you will
always have money to give out but what
about if you don't have enough money
coming in what happens then also this
money you put in has been gambled with
tampered with in the end there will be
nothing left left for you and I you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to talk about
the pension plans and how it is being
eviscerated in the US but of course that
extends all around the world let's begin
with this Moody public pension
liabilities unlikely to get reprieve
over the next 3 years this is one
article I'll connected in with the next
one but ultimately I want to get to this
study that they did let me just quick
cover this US public Pension funds
unfunded pension liabilities are
expected to rise throughout 20120 even
under positive investment return
scenarios think about that for a second
if the stock market continues to go
up and profits corporate profits
everybody is doing well the Pension
funds will not you explain that to me
that's what I want to know who's getting
the money if the stock markets are
rising and the Pension funds are
investing in the stock markets
individuals aren't going to see those
benefits how does that make any sense
they're squandering the money they're
taking it from you and I and if you were
relying on your pension fund you're in
big trouble that's what this channel is
about it's not about a financial expert
as they call themselves here telling you
what to do no no no it's getting ready
because the stuff is about to hit the
fan I assure you public pension
liabilities vastly outpacing
contributions despite higher payments
think about that just for a second here
the liabilities continue to grow where
have you heard that before all of the US
and actually anywhere around the world
but let's focus on the US for
today you see that there are countless
this unfunded liabilities Medicare
Medicaid different social assistance
programs and while we have more tax
revenue coming in the government
ultimately makes more money all the time
they know how to do that they know how
to strangle well it's a good gift that
they have and it never seems to be
enough because more money flies out the
back door constantly contributions to
public pension plans have increased in
recent years but their unfunded
liabilities have increased
more and that is something that seems to
be pervasive doesn't matter
geographically doesn't matter in what
sector category for some reason I'm not
in the inside of the pension plans I
don't know what they're doing but that
money never seems to make its way into
the hands of the people slowly but
surely pension plans around the world
are either
in you know Dire Straits or they are
suggesting look we have this problem
it's out into the future the near future
we have to do something about it let's
talk about it nothing ever gets done the
only thing I ever see getting done is
cuts the P to pension plans we never see
anything better as a result this year
it's going going to be hard for you to
read so I just want to just touch on it
this is talking uh this is actually
about Canada but the principle applies
everywhere
the
IAC that's the investment industry
Association of Canada calls on the feds
to bolster private retirement savings
what wait a
second I mean there's a safety net for
me right I mean I've been working all my
life you know when I want to retire at
65 there's going to be a safety net for
me Isn't there well the federal
government should raise rrsp that's the
equivalent of a super depending on where
you live or a
401k contribution limits look they're
limiting how much we can invest into
these plans voluntary retirement
accounts they should increase those
limits and eliminate the r uh the riffs
withdrawal minimums so when you get to a
certain age you are forced to withdraw
from your retirement account of course
they do that so that they can then begin
taxing you on that money
that is a recommendation to the House of
Commons okay it doesn't matter about the
details of the article what I find
interesting is that you see it in the
industry you see it in the news you see
it in the in the media essentially
Financial analysts will talk about it
advisers and things like this that
people need to begin to invest on their
own don't just keep it in the bank you
need to put it into a retirement account
if you put it into your rrsp for 1K you
won't get taxed until you're ready to
pull that money out what a genius
concept this is you can save save save
it's a great thing but you're putting
your money into the hands of people that
have been caught we've seen it covered
it here they've been caught being
salesmen just like the doctors are
salesmen for the pharmaceutical
companies we see it in the financial
industry as well where they are selling
funds that they are either told to by by
their superiors or they sell funds that
are given uh incentives perhaps they get
a better bonus at the end of the year or
or what have you that that is a fact we
know these two things to be facts so
here they are telling you look you don't
want to rely on your pension fund we
don't know what's going to happen with
that you need to invest in this
voluntary fund and will increase the
limits so that you could dump even more
in I really Tru
feel bad for anyone that is pouring
money into this I actually had put a
small amount into this years ago because
in Canada they have this um what's
called a firsttime home buyer plan so at
that time I had taken my small amount
out and that's uh taxfree for the time
being however they then uh start taxing
you again at a later date and I get
taxed my income tax rolls in they ask
for a little bit of money that's okay
because I know that putting money into
to the RSP is a trap and ultimately will
not be paid back at some point in the
future all right this is the study here
it's done by the S
SOA US public Pension Plan contribution
indices there's a lot here I just want
to touch on a couple points from it the
study explor contribution indices
metrics developed by the SOA that
compare Pension Plan contributions to
benchmarks that represent the
contribution level needed to pay down
unfunded liabilities okay they're
basically trying to say how bankrupt are
these they're looking at 160 State and
large city public sector pension plans
in the US using the assets and liability
is reported and goes on one of the most
important points right here for
3% of plans showed a funding
Surplus
3% even if they were off on somehow on
their calculations and we'll say
5% essentially we can round that to zero
none of them are at a surplus and I will
show you in a moment how bad it looks in
the chart form for 130 plans with
consistently viable data for the study
total unfunded liabilities as reported
under these guidelines increased about
50% looking at a trillion $1 trillion
dollar and uh liabilities
increased about 2.5
trillion I
mean they can't pay this
back they have made promises to people
and people are betting on their Futures
they retire at a certain time or maybe
they simply were forced to retire
because they were uh sick or or any
other thing that we see very common
these days and people will suffer
because of this and then you add on top
of that all of these criminal
organizations criminal
entities that are responsible for
stealing people's pensions for stealing
percentage of their pensions or anything
else and then we have countless people
trolls ignorant people
anything that will deny this I think
it's sick I think it's a sick problem if
you know what's happening and you deny
what's occurring or what will
occur a lot of people are going to
suffer
very badly when these Pension funds
start
disappearing we have had growth in the
stock market since 2009 March 2009 till
today years and years of
growth these Pension funds are still in
the
negative how do you explain that they
are purposely trying to destroy any
chance people
have of retiring of getting a hold on
their
finances the Pension funds I don't I
don't like Pension funds I don't like
retirement accounts I think it's a big
mistake look if somebody
has
$50,000 okay you'd be better off taking
that money spreading it out doing what I
call the money GPS formula or even the
money GPS strategy in
fact those are one is from one book and
one is from the other that I that I have
and you'll be much safer I talk about it
I I give a breakdown in there of of how
to do
that yet people don't have the
sophistication I I assure you you you
don't need to be sophisticated in fact
if you are sophisticated you'll probably
just put your money into paper assets
and you'll end up like these poor people
with their pensions it's a big mistake
and I do not support
it look at
this deductions as the years go on
there's more and more deductions does
that surprise anybody of course not
up and up she
goes this tells
me that we are going to run into a
problem in the next few
years in fact when you look at it down
the road 1 .3
trillion in this case of deductions
there there's no way there's no way this
could ever be paid back then you look at
this these are based on estimates so we
don't know what's going to happen we
don't know if there will be a recession
next year or or whatever but they're
based on estimates and I think they were
pretty fair based on what I
saw and of course these are all based on
fake numbers but look at this somewhere
in this range in the next few
years we are looking at
complete
annihilation of what they call
Surplus what they call
their ability to pay out it's gone it's
gone it's already gone but you know
they've been covering it up now in the
next few years they won't be able to do
that
anymore the government will have to bail
them out but of course the government is
getting their money from you and I so
congratulations sir ma'am you and I are
bailing out the Pension funds bailing
out the corporations bailing out just
about everybody except you and
I look at
this Tor Manifesto pledges your pension
is safe that's
right triple lock guaranteed pension
Rises will stay until 2020 you don't
have to
worry because your pension is safe the
government has declared it whenever the
government declares that something is
safe I suggest running for the exit very
quickly how does your let's switch gears
for a moment how does your debt compare
look average Mortgage Debt stands at
$172,000 represents a total pool of
1.1 trillion doll student debt loan or
student loan debt averages 49,000 by
household and makes up a pool of
1.3 trillion people are engulfed in debt
a system designed to punish you and I
why does debt exist to punish you and I
that's why it's out there
people use it as leverage it can be used
as a tool there's no doubt about that
but it exists when you go to the bank
you take out a
loan that money is put into existence
out of its own
debt it's it's a failed system from the
beginning failed for you and I of course
not for the Rockefellers and
Rothchilds this is it people are are are
unbelievably
scrambling and I know that a lot of
people don't believe it they think that
you know the stock market's going up and
this and
that I talk to people every day multiple
people a day that tell me how bad their
situation is and I'm not talking about
just people in karacus I'm talking about
people in the US in Canada the UK
Australia literally everywhere around
the world and that's my position you
know a lot of people don't see that
because they have more of a closed mind
or perhaps they don't talk to people
living in every country in the world but
I do and I see this I hear from it and
it hurts I assure you it hurts to hear
all this information and that's why I'm
bringing it out hoping hoping that
people
can you know everybody can do their part
unpaid debt balance at the time of
death look at the student debt look at
the personal loans and everything else
and a lot of people would say who cares
I don't care I'm dead I don't care about
my loans I don't care about my debt well
if you have children or family and
you're leaving your estate to then
they're going to they're certainly going
to care but the point is that the
debt puts a noose around your neck all
the while you may have had creditors
calling you you may have not been able
to get a loan when you needed it you may
have had to rent when you would really
have wanted to buy there's a lot of
reasons why debt can be a burden on
people not for some people but but it
can be a burden and not to mention the
fact when you have debt you're funding
and fueling the system of the bankers
and they are going to use this debt to
crush you and I if people don't have
their
pensions people are going to need to get
into debt and they will be strangled by
it and this is a policy which is done
intentionally the stock market has been
rising for years on end now and yet the
Pension funds are going
bankrupt this I believe is on
purpose you can believe whatever you
want but I believe it's on purpose and
it is done so to put these people
further into debt and punish them
permanently until the day they die if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up last but not least
if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS am I new release global economic
collapse even more informative so the
first book I talk about the money GPS
formula and that's essentially about the
four asset classes and then how to
profit from each of those chapter on
each the new book I cover familiar
Concepts from the first book but I also
get into things like how to earn income
how to reduce your monthly expenses and
actually how
to
become self-sufficient in a way that a
lot of people didn't really realize they
need to wrap their head around so you
can check that out actually you can flip
through a few pages at Amazon they have
a look inside feature so definitely
check that out the link is in the
description I have more links down there
for you to check out I got a free
ecourse free ebooks check out the money
gps.com
for more take care